// This is the Application Domain, which is a document that explains how the database works in words, laying out the foundatations and business rules to simulate the real world
// as closely as possible.

Connecticut Boys Tennis (CBT) is an organization that helps create a competitive scene for high school tennis teams. CBT hosts tournaments all around the state that allows a large 
  range of high school students to compete with one another. In order to keep the competitive spirit, CBT must record every tournament that is hosted and played through. 
  Each tournament recorded is given a unique id, name, and the location the tournament was held. For a student, in a participating school, to join the CBT they must go through 
  registration to compete in tournaments. To register, each student must give their first and last name, and date of birth. In return, each student that registers will 
  be given their own registration ticket, which will include a unique id for their registration ticket, the date of registration, and a unique player ID. 
  To easily find which player is competing in which tournament, registration also keeps track of all the tournaments each player plays in, their registration ID, 
  and the seed they are in each tournament. To ensure no discrepancies will be made, CBT will keep track of all the matches played for each tournament. 
  Each match has its own unique ID, the tournament that the match is being played in, the registration ID of the person playing on the first side of the court, 
  the registration ID of the player on the second side (other side) of the court, and the number of sets that were played during the match. 
  CBT records both games and sets played to clear up any confusion had before or after the match happens. Each set is identified by its respective Match ID, 
  Tournament ID, the set number, and the number of games each person has won for the set. 
  For each game, CBT will keep track of the Match ID, Tournament ID, set number, game number, and the scores for both players playing the match. 
  Finally, CBT will keep track of the winner of each match. Each player that wins a match will have the corresponding Match ID of the match they won, 
  the Tournament ID that corresponds to the tournament the match was in, and their Registration ID. 
