// This is the data dictionary of the database. This defines all the entities and attributes of said entities in this document.

PLAYER – A player is a student from a qualifying high school that has enrolled into the CBT program. A player is put into a waiting pool, and then from there CBT can register players into tournaments as they are made throughout the seasons.

  PLAYERID – A variable-length character string that uniquely identifies a player that is enrolled in the CBT program. 
    Every player must have a corresponding PlayerID.
  
  PNAME – A variable-length character string that represents the first and last names of the players. 
    Players must at least put their first/name but are not obligated to include their last name if they do not have a last name and must be a max of 24 characters.
  
  DOB – A fixed-length character string representing the date of birth of the player. This string has a length of 10 and takes the form of ‘dd-mm-yyyy’. 
    It is possible that CBT might not have a date of birth on record for every player registered into the program.


REGISTRATION – Registration is the process of getting players in the waiting pool into tournaments that they can compete in.  

  REGID – A variable-length integer that uniquely identifies an instance of registration to a tournament. 
    This variable length integer can be up to a max of 3 characters, and every player that registers must have a corresponding Registration ID.
 
  REGDATE – A fixed-length character string that represents the date of registration for each player. 
    It is entirely possible that CBT may not have registration dates for all players registered for tournaments.


PLAYINGIN – Playing in is what connects registration to tournaments, showing the tournament that the player is playing in, the registration id of the player.

  SEED – A fixed-length number of 1 that determines the placement of the players in tournament. 
    As this number is not automatically generated, organizers of the tournament must decide which player falls under which seed based off previous performances. 
    For an instance of a tournament, 2 players cannot have the same seed as the seed is basically a ranking system for a tournament before the 
    tournament starts, and every player that is playing in a tournament must have a corresponding seed.


TOURNAMENT – A CBT tournament is a single elimination tournament held for players to compete in. 
  These tournaments will have 8 competitors each and only the winners of matches move on in the bracket.
  
  TID – A variable-length integer that uniquely identifies an instance of a tournament, and this integer can be a max of 2 integers. 
    It is crucial that every tournament has a Tournament ID associated to it. 
  
  NAME – A variable-length character string that represents the name given to the tournament. Every tournament must have a name that corresponds to it.
  
  LOCATION – A variable-length character string that represents the location that the tournament is hosted at, and Every tournament must have a corresponding location.


MATCH – A match consists of a sequences of sets, which for all of these tournaments will be a best of 3. 
  This means that the first player to win 2 sets will win the match overall.

  MATCHID – A fixed-length number of length 3 that uniquely identifies an instance of a match in a tournament. Every match must have a corresponding match ID. 

  ROUNDS – A fixed-length number of length 1 that indicates how many sets were played in the match. Every match must have a corresponding number of rounds.


SET – A set consists of a sequence of games with the server alternating every 2 games, and for these tournaments the player that either wins 3 games will win the set, or if both players have won 2 games each, whoever wins 4 games will win the set.
  
  SETNUM – A fixed-length number that represents the set number of the match, and every set must have a corresponding set number.

  P1GAMES – A fixed-length integer that represents the number of games player 1 has won. If the set is complete, then it is necessary to have a 
    corresponding number that shows how many games player 1 has won. On the other hand, if the set is still in progress, it is not mandatory for p1Games to have a valid entry.
    
  P2GAMES - A fixed-length integer that represents the number of games player 2 has won. If the set is complete, then it is necessary to have a 
    corresponding number that shows how many games player 2 has won. On the other hand, if the set is still in progress, it is not mandatory for p2Games to have a valid entry.
    
    
GAME – A game is a sequence of points in which one player wins when either they win 4 points, or in the case where both players have won 3 points, 
  a player wins when they win at least 2 more points than the other player.

  GAMENUM – A fixed-length integer that represents the game number of the set. Every game must have a corresponding game number, whether the game is finished or is in progress.

  P1SCORE - A fixed-length integer that represents the number of points player 2 has won. If the game is complete, then it is necessary to have a 
    corresponding number that shows how many points player 2 has won. On the other hand, if the game is still in progress, it is not mandatory for p2Score to have a valid entry.
  
  P2SCORE - A fixed-length integer that represents the number of points player 1 has won. If the game is complete, then it is necessary to have a 
    corresponding number that shows how many points player 1 has won. On the other hand, if the game is still in progress, it is not mandatory for p1Score to have a valid entry.
